fix(release note): CVEs publication (#2696)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

* RUNTIME-1825 - Bad rendering in the Admin Group List page to display Parent Group column
* RUNTIME-1829 - Application directory page sign out button no longer redirects the top window when using OIDC
* RUNTIME-1832 - Missing call to the CryptoIntegration class
* CVE-56       - X-Frame-Options and Content-Security-Policy header is missing on some URLs.
* CVE-58       - Some UI screens in administration panel have been secured against stored XSS attacks. We also introduced a backend xref:security:sanitizer-security.adoc[input validation to prevent storing XSS attacks] in the database. This countermeasure is enabled by default in 2024.1. +
_We would like to thank both Tomas Castro Rojas and Mohammad A’mir for reporting this high severity issue to us._

> * CVE-59       - (CVE-2024-28087) IDOR due to to the lack of dynamic permissions in Community edition +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CVE-59       - (CVE-2024-28087) IDOR due to the absence of xref:identity:rest-api-authorization#dynamic_authorization[dynamic authorization checking] in Community edition +
```
